[Music]
Oh
I thought we were you heard your mother
trampolining
thank you young man I was approached
baddest tycoon most to talk about hero
stuff
help me bring supers back into the
sunlight we need Elastigirl not all dark
and angsty i'm Elastigirl edna designed
this no some guy named alexander
gehlbach don't ask me to do it again
darling my rates are far too hard i am
not a baby person
damn it odd combustion imminent what
does that mean it means fire Robert your
bill will be covered by my seat for
being mr. incredible Elastigirl and
frozen's exclusive designer throughout
the known universe until the end of time
it's time to make some wrong things
right we need to change people's
perceptions about superheroes and
Elastigirl is our best play better than
me watch the kids you know it's crazy
right
to help my family I gotta leave it to
fix the law I gotta break it you got to
boy kids can have that choice did you
wash your hands with soap did you dry
them I did
superheroes are illegal defines Who I am
we're not saying you have what someone
on TV said it so are we going to talk
about it what the elephant in the room
what elephant
mom's new job he said a new job doing
here hello hey honey
Howard a kid everything's great they
couldn't have done this if you hadn't
taken over so well
he's an excellent health not the way
you're supposed to do it dad they want
us to do it I don't know that way why
would they change math over Dusseldorf
do those are dogs in I was so heavy
troop he closed it I've got to succeed
so she can succeed
[Music]
is freaky but I can't keep giving in
trucking the screen slider interrupt
this program for an important announced
it up it might get weird I'll be there
[Music]
we love ghastly ride yes I'm sure your
gratitude is quite inexpressible done
properly parenting is a heroic act done
properly
[Music]